Bump compact 0.1.0 (#177)
OpenZeppelin/docs: content/contracts-compact/api/shielded-access-control.mdx

  ShieldedAccessControl__grantRole(ShieldedAccessControl_DEFAULT_ADMIN_ROLE(), defaultAdmin);
}
```

To restrict access to a circuit, use [assertOnlyRole](#ShieldedAccessControl-assertOnlyRole):

```typescript
circuit foo(): [] {
  ShieldedAccessControl_assertOnlyRole(MY_ROLE as ShieldedAccessControl_RoleIdentifier);
}
```

Roles can be granted and revoked dynamically via the [grantRole](#ShieldedAccessControl-grantRole) and [revokeRole](#ShieldedAccessControl-revokeRole) circuits.
Each role has an associated admin role,
and only accounts that have a role's admin role can call [grantRole](#ShieldedAccessControl-grantRole) and [revokeRole](#ShieldedAccessControl-revokeRole).

By default, the admin role for all roles is `DEFAULT_ADMIN_ROLE`,
which means that only accounts with this role will be able to grant or revoke other roles.
More complex role relationships can be created by using [_setRoleAdmin](#ShieldedAccessControl-_setRoleAdmin).

<Callout type='warn'>
  The `DEFAULT_ADMIN_ROLE` is also its own admin: it has permission to grant and revoke this role.
  Extra precautions should be taken to secure accounts that have been granted it.
</Callout>

<Callout type='info'>

>   For an overview of the module, read the ShieldedAccessControl guide (ADD ME).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For an overview of the module, read the [ShieldedAccessControl guide](../shielded-access-control).
```
